Updated: 14 October 2020


Next steps in (basic) development:

    -   Implement a Distributed Calculation Manager. Likely to use mpi4py.MPIExecutorPool
        as basis for new class (as multiprocessing.pool.Pool is in the local implementation).
        
    -   Implement interface for pscfpp in addition to pscf interfaces.
    
    -   Create Main access point with user interface for the application.
        This will include some additional logging to store random number seeds,
        store characteristics of the calculation, among other data.


Operational Adjustments

    -   Change Output File Organization
        
        -   Lump Log Files (CSV data) into single directory. This will make it easier to 
            pull partial data mid-run for analysis without having to avoid SCFT output.
            
            -   Possibly lump all Agents' log data into one: 
                    Fewer files to manage. Would make analysis with tables much easier.
                    No actual risk of deadlocking because Agents' internal operations
                    are logically synchronous.
        
        -   With log files centrally located, Agent Classes are free to create their own
            scratch/calculation directories. (thus, move all SCFT files here)
        
        -   Proposed structure for SCFT run is as follows
    
    -   Add some time-based logging of operational data.
        -   Which step each agent is working on at a given time.


Analysis

    -   Perform memory and time profiling.
        Time profiling probably not much use since most time is in SCFT
        Memory profiling is necessary to offer guidelines on resource requirements.


Advanced Development
    
    -   Develop Seed Library Database architecture.
        
        -   Explore guidelines for required expansiveness to be effective.
            Study sensitivity to:
                -   Lattice Parameters
                -   Composition
                -   Chi
                -   Stat Seg Len
            To determine ranges required for exclusive from-database operation
            and how close a converged solution needs to be to be used as guess.
        
        -   Build Architecture
        
        -   Enable simultaneous interfacing of Mesophase Objects to both database
            (when sufficient seed available) and guess generation.
        
    -   Develop a library of analysis tools.
        
        -   Parsing scripts to collate specs from SCFT calculations
        
        -   Plotting Scripts to automate common
